		YATE - Yet Another Telephony Engine
		-----------------------------------

  The YATE project aims to be a fully featured software PBX.

  It was created to alow developers and users to have more functionality and
  scalability. To reach this goal YATE is built from two kinds of components:
    1. The main engine - telengine.
    2. Modules - routing modules
               - drivers
               - script language bindings
	       - billing modules
  
  Its license is GPL with exceptions (in case of linking with proprietary
  software). We have chosen this license to help the growth of this project.


Building YATE Software
----------------------

YATE have been tested on Linux and Windows and was ported to FreeBSD.
Please report bugs at bugs@voip.null.ro

To build Yate the quick way is:
  ./configure
  make
  make install

If you are lacking both doxygen and kdoc you will need to install without the
API documentation:
  make install-noapi

1. Building the engine

You have just to run 'make engine' in the main directory.

2. Building the modules.

Run 'make modules' in the main directory or 'make' in the modules directory.

3. Building the test modules.

Run 'make test' in the main directory or 'make' in the test directory.

After you have create the test modules use 'mktestlinks' in the modules
directory to make links from test modules into modules directory.

4. Building the classes API documentation

Run 'make apidocs' in the main directory. You will need to have kdoc or
doxygen installed.


Alternatively you can just 'make everything' in the main directory which will
build them all.


Running YATE
------------

You can run YATE directly from the build directory - just use 'run' script
from the main directory.
  ./run -vvv

You can also install YATE - then you can run it from anywhere.
  yate -vvv

On the command line you can use '-v' to increase the verbosity level. If in
doubt run "run --help" (or "yate --help" if installed) to get a list of
possible options. There is also a manual page - "man yate" and read.

While running the following signals and keys are trapped and used:
  - SIGTERM and SIGINT (Ctrl-C) will cleanly stop the engine
  - SIGHUP and SIGQUIT (Ctrl-\) will reinitialize the modules
  - SIGUSR1 will gracefully restart a supervised engine
  - SIGUSR2 will forcefully restart a supervised engine


Configuring YATE
----------------

Some samples for the configuraton files can be found in the conf.d directory.
Note that you must rename them without the .sample extension or create symlinks
to them.
